## AWS AppConfig
#(AWS [[Systems Manager]])

AWS AppConfig, a feature of AWS Systems Manager, makes it easy for customers to quickly and safely configure, validate, and deploy feature flags and application configuration. Your feature flag and configurations data can be validated syntactically or semantically in the pre-deployment phase, and can be monitored and automatically rolled back if an alarm that you have configured is triggered. Using AWS AppConfig, you can make application changes safely, avoid errors in configuration changes, deploy changes across a set of targets quickly, and control deployment of changes across your applications.

AWS AppConfig helps you deploy application configuration in a managed and a monitored way just like code deployments, but without the need to deploy the code if a configuration value changes. AWS AppConfig scales with your infrastructure so you can deploy configurations to any number of Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud ([[EC2]]) instances, containers, AWS [[Lambda]] functions, mobile apps, [[IoT]] devices, or on-premises instances. AWS AppConfig enables you to update configurations by entering changes through the [[API]] or AWS Management Console. AWS AppConfig allows you to validate those changes semantically and syntactically to ensure configurations are aligned to their respective applications’ expectation, thus helping you to prevent potential outages. You can deploy your application configurations with similar best practices as code deployments, including staging rollouts, monitoring alarms, and rolling back changes should an error occur. 